Let me introduce you
This is the actor who hates the poor and loves the rich
No dignity ex-girlfriend
Just because he is poor
I still want to climb the Huo family
Hmm, I see
It's a toad who wants to eat swan meat
I think it's brand new.
He is shameless.
Such a great day
He still has the face to come
Excuse me?
Huo Shao personally invited me here
Huo Shao asked you to come
I also want you to see the gap with Chenxi
You and Chenxi are one in the sky and one on the ground
You don't deserve to be compared to him
How dare you come here?
It's just a pollution artifact
I advise you to get out of here
Shake hands here are the fireworks of the Huo family
It's not where you make trouble
Thanks.
You don't think I'm protecting you
Not afraid of making things worse
Someone will lose face
Xiaoxi, I'm late